You've done a great job
with your daughters,
because I have two daughters,
as well.
Can't beat daughters.
You can't, right?
You cannot
beat daughters.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Sons out there,
I'm not offending you.
I'm just stating a fact.
Can't beat 'em.
Yeah.
I saw a picture of --
Do Sasha and Malia --
Do they enjoy living
in the White House?
They can't wait --
Is it like "Frozen" for them?
"Hey, we're sisters.
Do you wanna build a snowman?"
You live in a palace.
Like, is it fun?
I think Malia, who will
be graduating this week,
is very eager
to get out of there.
[ Cheers and applause ]
What is that going to be like,
the graduation?
I've got some sunglasses
and I'm just gonna --
You're getting
weepy there.
One more example
of the president crying.
It's gonna be bad.
You can't, yeah.
Sasha, she was younger
when she got there,
so she's
more accustomed to it.
Yeah.
But, you know,
they've handled it so well.
They are wonderful girls.
They're smart and funny.
But most importantly,
they're kind.
They don't
have an attitude.
This is the thing Michelle and I
were most worried about
when we got there.
We thought, you know,
"How's this gonna work?"
You've got these butlers
and you've got, you know,
guys saluting.
And it's a testimony to Michelle
and my mother-in-law
that they have just turned out
to be incredible kids.
I could not be prouder.
I saw a photo of them
at this event they were at.
And Sasha was talking
to Ryan Reynolds,
Hollywood hunk
Ryan Reynolds.
He's a good-looking guy.
He's a good-looking guy,
yeah.
He's better-looking
than us.
He is, yeah.
But it's the best because
Malia's in the background
behind Ryan,
and she's going, "Yeah."
[ Laughter ]
I have the photo,
because I found it.
'Cause it's my favorite.
Look how cute that is.
Yeah.
[ Laughter ]
You have to make T-shirts and
embarrass Sasha on her birthday
and make all of her friends
wear them.
I think it's fair to say I
embarrass her without T-shirts.
[ Laughs ]
Yeah, that's one of my great
gifts is embarrassing Sasha.
As a dad, yeah.